At eight o'clock on Thursday morning Arthur didn't feel very good
A group of 50 beluga whales is fighting to stay alive in an icy trap in the Canadian Arctic near Ellesmere Island.
An unexpected freeze has left dozens of the whales trapped in a sea of ice, with one small hole as their only window for air. The open sea is 20 kilometres away.
About 20 of them have already died, despite the best efforts of wildlife officials. The reason: polar bears. With the whales swarming their only air hole, they’ve become easy prey for the bears.
The polar bears are hunting the belugas at will. Even in the best of conditions, belugas can only spend about 10 minutes underwater. When they come up, the bears jump onto the whales and tear chunks out of them.
Unless the ice breaks up soon, the belugas’ chances of survival are grim.
Beluga whales live only in the arctic and subarctic.  They live in the ArcticOcean and its ad-joining seas, including the Sea of Okhotsk, the Bering Sea, the Gulf of Alaska, the Beaufort Sea,
Baffin Bay, Hudson Bay, and the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
A middle school in Liverpool, Nova Scotia is pumping up bodies as well as minds.
It's an example of a school teaming up with the community to raise money. South Queens Junior High School is taking aim at the fitness market.
The school has turned its one-time metal shop - lost to budget cuts almost two years ago - into a money-making professional fitness club.
The club will be open seven days a week. The club, operated by a non-profit society made up of school and community volunteers, has sold more than 30 memberships and hired a full-time co-ordinator.
Principal Betty Jean Aucoin says the club is a first for a Nova Scotia public school. She says the school took it on itself to provide a service needed in Liverpool.
"We don't have any athletic facilities here on the South Shore of Nova Scotia, so if we don't use our schools, communities such as Queens are going to be struggling to get anything going," Aucoin said.
More than a $100,000 was raised through fund-raising and donations from government, Sport Nova Scotia, and two local companies.
Some people are wondering if the ties between the businesses and the school are too close. Schools are not set up to make profits or promote businesses. Southwest Regional School Board superintendent Ann Jones says there's no
fear the lines between education and business are blurring. "First call on any school facility belongs to... the youngsters in the school," says Ann Jones.
The 12,000-square-foot club has seven aerobic machines, including treadmills, steppers, and stationary bicycles, as well as weight machines and freeweights.
Memberships cost $180 a year for adults and $135 for students and seniors.
Proceeds pay the salary of the centre co-ordinator and upkeep of the facility.
The world lost a basketball hero this week -- and we're not talking about Michael Jordan.
You may not know her name, but Noella "Babe" MacLean, who died this week at age 87, was one of Canada's biggest sports stars.
She was a member of the "winningest" basketball team Canada ever had.  But unlike retired millionaire Jordan, Babe never made a cent for her skills.
Her team was known as the Edmonton Grads. None of the members of the team expected to do as well as they did.
They were just a group of young women from the same school who liked to play basketball.
Their coach was  teacher J. Percy Page, who later became the Lieutenant Governor of Alberta.  Their home base was  McDougall Commercial High School in Edmonton.
For 25 years -- from 1915 to 1940 -- they brought great honour to Canada and their home city , Edmonton.
When they finally retired, the Grads had 108 championships to their credit.
They won at all levels--local, regional, national, international and world.Of the 522 games they played they won 502!
The inventor of the game of basketball, Dr. James Naismith called the Edmonton Grads "the finest basketball team that ever stepped out on a floor".
Babe Belanger played with the Grads from 1929 to 1937.  She was a forward and she stood only 5 feet, 2 inches tall. In those days, marriage meant an end to a young women's career. Babe Belanger married
Ian MacLean, who continued the family sports tradition.
He later became a trainer for Edmonton hockey teams and the Edmonton Eskimos and B.C. Lions football teams.
Babe never talked about her fabulous career. But her daughter says the scrapbooks she found in the family's basement show she was a part of a team that was every bit as sensational as the Edmonton Oilers in Gretzky's time.
